you know you can't do you see anything
it's a dot look at the windows
why did you do that yeah you said look
at the window
it's really and welcome to vlogmas day 7
we are headed to the athletes
where are we going you may ask well I'm
not gonna tell you I will let you know
in due course where we are going but
it's gonna be a surprise I'm very very
excited and as a worry boys wanted to go
and by wearing a scarf
okay so we all just commit right now it
is still a surprise you just come
through security
I hate here is he I always going to be
bad I'm gonna be such all that my bags
can be such my bags I'm done
Martha's bag has been such multiples hi
the books you didn't bring the one she
brought in like three times she was in
Port skipping right and then usually
something crying because I think it's my
sister's favorite lot there's enough for
angles like this but I do mind like that
[Music]
good idea they are having a drink over
to station the kids exactly because you
pour real plastic water bottle while you
throwing away the disposable water
bottles or you dump out with your water
tear that saves you from buying another
like plastic bottle yeah
[Music]
I'm feeling very lonely over on this
table by myself
independently
[Music]
I am going to give you a hand starts you
we realized way outside my hand luggage
and we didn't realize so this is gonna
be very embarrassing and that dad's
looking for the paperwork and all words
of it all so it has been shooting I
finished
[Music]
Samantha's on FaceTime to have friends
in the moment and I'm searching for a
band the kids
I finished my tea maybe that's a hint
we're going on to Scandinavian Airlines
[Music]
but creative station small cutter
security
we have arrived we are now going to
reveal to you
[Music]
kabuna reveals you know where we are we
are here in Copenhagen I probably would
have shared on Instagram by now just
basing on Google gasps oh my gosh that's
so cool
they had they have a drinking water tap
in the bathroom how good is that
or in this book in Copenhagen that's so
forward-thinking do you like you one of
us shout out
okay so weak hardly in a taxi and we
just go to a B&B so this is my room
how amazing is this a good little
balcony I might put on a quick
time-lapse and you show me those saying
everything away
so recording I'm packing with distance
one of the stuff I brought this down
here and this is like my miscellaneous
[Music]
okay I've actually got my camera again
now because it was out of charge so I
had to leave ahead to charge whilst we
went out very very rounded lovely so
we've decided that we're going to go to
a ballet this evening because my dad and
my mother going out for a dinner with a
client of my dad's and so my sister and
I were going to go for dinner or
something or stay here together but then
I realized that they were showing Alice
in Wonderland at the Royal Danish Spears
that I'm supposed to get some units
tickets I think for both of us it was 40
pounds to 400 Crona
so I'm really really excited and I'm
just going to quickly put on a very
small boat
[Music]
I tried putting on eye shadow this time
I'm not worried sure it's a bit much I
think I didn't usually wear that much
nonetheless and I'm just gonna get on
with doing a tiny bit of editing before
we leave for kids we're going about 15
minutes I just got an email through from
University with my latest essay mark and
I am actually over the moon I worked so
hard on this essay and I mean especially
after the one which I posted the
reaction to you and YouTube which was
just like I really wasn't happy with
that and I just got this one through and
it's basically it's it's 30 marks higher
than what I got before 30 marks like you
know I'm just seriously happy I work so
hard on this and I could just say much
research trips yeah I'm just very happy
this is the one that I wrote on Emily
Dickinson and the book of Job and it was
basically all about the difference
between a Puritan and trans law and
transcendentalist a perception on the
story of Job and from Emily Dickinson
and yeah I just really are soso too late
for the ballet so we're just going to
step it up a tiny bit
I've run the streets of Copenhagen okay
so we're still in a rush we had so good
but we only got one packet and I had to
show him the money and be like we're not
sure what means what but can you take
the money that we need
we are here
[Music]
with some pharmacy
we made it plenty
okay so we've just come up with the
ballet how was it mother is really good
I'm not such a talent either I was the
tree you know that waving with me didn't
even wait they were literally just you
know like faces were painted green
I did not realize they were people I hey
what month was that I didn't need to see
Martha
we literally decided an hour and a half
before it started that we were going to
go and we somehow managed to get a
ticket okay so it's currently 11:30 I've
just finished editing on vlog and I'm
going to go to sleep
I finished the other book I reading
today so now I've started out endless
numbered days by Claire fuller so I'm
gonna read some of this and then I'm
gonna get to sleep so thank you so much
for watching this video I hope that you
enjoyed and have a productive day